Ingredients:
Ingredients1 (base)
High gluten flour 120g
Low gluten flour 30g
Milk 90g
Dry yeast 1/2 tsp
Olive oil 1 tbsp
Ingredient 2 (Ingredients)
Mozzarella cheese	
salami sausage
tomato salsa	
green pepper	
red pepper	
scallions


Directions:

Add yeast and mix well with warm milk (40℃).
Add flour and olive oil, mix with chopsticks until flocculent, knead by hand, cover with plastic wrap and place in a warm place to ferment for 2 hours.
Cut green pepper and red pepper into small pieces; chop green onion
Roll out the dough and let it rest for 15 minutes, then roll out the dough into a crust that is thick in the middle and thin at the edges.
Put the dough sheet into the pizza pan and use a fork to poke holes all over the dough to prevent the dough from expanding when baking
Spread an even layer of tomato sauce on the pastry and sprinkle with shredded mozzarella cheese
Then add salami, scallions, and mozzarella cheese.
Finally, add the green and red peppers and sprinkle the top with shredded mozzarella cheese.
Bake in a preheated oven at 180 degrees Fahrenheit for about 25 minutes on the middle and lower heat until the top is golden brown.
Tips
1, Crispy Pizza crust, and other Pizza crust production method is slightly different, do not add sugar, or sugar will increase the expansion of yeast in the dough, so that the Crispy Pizza can not achieve the thin and crispy effect.
2, if you make more than one at a time, you can cover it with plastic wrap and store it in the refrigerator for freezing. Before eating, put it in room temperature to thaw naturally, then brush a thin layer of oil on top of the Pizza, so that the baked Pizza is as good as new, batch production, saving time. 3, mozzarella cheese, i.e. Mozzarella. mozzarella cheese is the special cheese for making pizza, not recommended to use other cheeses instead. If you buy a block of cheese, you need to shave it into shreds for later use; supermarkets also have ready-made shaved mozzarella for sale.
4, pizza in the filling can be changed according to your own preferences, you can also use your favorite other vegetables and meat. But need to pay attention to a principle, is to lay the meat first, and then lay the vegetables, and each layer are sprinkled with some mozzarella. If the moisture is relatively large vegetables, you need to fry first, control the moisture, otherwise pizza moisture will be too large.
5, different flour absorbency is different, in the time and dough, if encounter dough is too dry or too thin, please adjust the amount of water as appropriate to achieve the appropriate degree of softness.
6、salami sausage, is a cured meat sausage popular in Europe, especially in southern Europe, the meat is generally a single meat, without any cooking, only after fermentation and air-drying procedures. Traditionally, people in many European countries, especially in Italy, love to make salami, which is the Italian word for salt-cured meat. There are many different kinds of Italian cured meats, but over the course of history, the word salami has slowly come to refer exclusively to the kind of meat sausage that is enriched with spices and salt, and then fermented to give it a unique flavor.

